[Docs] Add admin api docs of Pulsar Functions (#5593)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/admin-api-functions.md

admin.functions().createFunction(functionConfig, fileName);
```

### Update

You can update a Pulsar function that has been deployed to a Pulsar cluster using Admin CLI, REST API or Java Admin API.

#### Admin CLI

Use the [`update`](reference-pulsar-admin.md#functions-update) subcommand. 

**Example**

```shell
$ pulsar-admin functions update \
  --tenant public \
  --namespace default \
  --name (the name of Pulsar Functions) \
  --output persistent://public/default/update-output-topic \
  # other options
```

#### REST Admin API

{@inject: endpoint|PUT|/admin/v3/functions/{tenant}/{namespace}/{functionName}

#### Java Admin API

```java
FunctionConfig functionConfig = new FunctionConfig();
functionConfig.setTenant(tenant);
functionConfig.setNamespace(namespace);
functionConfig.setName(functionName);
functionConfig.setRuntime(FunctionConfig.Runtime.JAVA);
functionConfig.setParallelism(1);
functionConfig.setClassName("org.apache.pulsar.functions.api.examples.ExclamationFunction");
UpdateOptions updateOptions = new UpdateOptions();
updateOptions.setUpdateAuthData(updateAuthData);
admin.functions().updateFunction(functionConfig, userCodeFile, updateOptions);
```

> ### Start 1

Reviewer: what does "Start 1" mean?

Reviewer 2: Start 1: start a specified function with `instance-id`
Start 2: start all stopped functions

> You can start a stopped function instance using Admin CLI, REST API or Java Admin API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can start a stopped function instance with `instance-id` using Admin CLI, REST API or Java Admin API.
```

#### Admin CLI

Use the [`start`](reference-pulsar-admin.md#functions-start) subcommand. 

```shell
$ pulsar-admin functions start \
  --tenant public \
  --namespace default \
  --name (the name of Pulsar Functions) \
  --instance-id 1
```

#### REST API

{@inject: endpoint|POST|/admin/v3/functions/{tenant}/{namespace}/{functionName}/{instanceId}/start

#### Java Admin API

```java
admin.functions().startFunction(tenant, namespace, functionName, Integer.parseInt(instanceId));
```

> ### Start 2

Reviewer: what does "Start 2" mean?

You can start all stopped function instances using Admin CLI, REST API or Java Admin API.

#### Admin CLI

Use the [`start`](reference-pulsar-admin.md#functions-start) subcommand. 

**Example**

```shell
$ pulsar-admin functions start \
  --tenant public \
  --namespace default \
  --name (the name of Pulsar Functions) \
```

#### REST API

{@inject: endpoint|POST|/admin/v3/functions/{tenant}/{namespace}/{functionName}/start

#### Java

```java
admin.functions().startFunction(tenant, namespace, functionName);
```

> ### Stop 1

Reviewer: same question as above

You can stop a function instance with `instance-id` using Admin CLI, REST API or Java Admin API.

> ### Admin CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Admin CLI
```

#### Admin CLI

Use the [`get`](reference-pulsar-admin.md#functions-get) subcommand. 

**Example**

```shell
$ pulsar-admin functions get \
  --tenant public \
  --namespace default \
  --name (the name of Pulsar Functions) 
```

#### REST API

{@inject: endpoint|GET|/admin/v3/functions/{tenant}/{namespace}/{functionName}

#### Java Admin API

```java
admin.functions().getFunction(tenant, namespace, functionName);
```

### Status 1

You can get the current status of a Pulsar function instance with `instance-id` using Admin CLI, REST API or Java Admin API.

#### Admin CLI

Use the [`status`](reference-pulsar-admin.md#functions-status) subcommand. 

**Example**

```shell
$ pulsar-admin functions status \
  --tenant public \
  --namespace default \
  --name (the name of Pulsar Functions) \
  --instance-id 1
```

#### REST API

{@inject: endpoint|GET|/admin/v3/functions/{tenant}/{namespace}/{functionName}/{instanceId}/status

#### Java Admin API

```java
admin.functions().getFunctionStatus(tenant, namespace, functionName, Integer.parseInt(instanceId));
```

### Status 2

> You can get the current status of a Pulsar function instance using Admin CLI, REST API or Java Admin API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can get the current status of all Pulsar function instances using Admin CLI, REST API or Java Admin API.
```

#### Admin CLI

Use the [`status`](reference-pulsar-admin.md#functions-status) subcommand. 

**Example**

```shell
$ pulsar-admin functions status \
  --tenant public \
  --namespace default \
  --name (the name of Pulsar Functions) 
```

#### REST API

{@inject: endpoint|GET|/admin/v3/functions/{tenant}/{namespace}/{functionName}/status

#### Java Admin API

```java
admin.functions().getFunctionStatus(tenant, namespace, functionName);
```

### Stats 1

You can get the current stats of a Pulsar Function instance with `instance-id` using Admin CLI, REST API or Java admin API.

#### Admin CLI

Use the [`stats`](reference-pulsar-admin.md#functions-stats) subcommand. 

**Example**

```shell
$ pulsar-admin functions stats \
  --tenant public \
  --namespace default \
  --name (the name of Pulsar Functions) \
  --instance-id 1
```

#### REST API

{@inject: endpoint|GET|/admin/v3/functions/{tenant}/{namespace}/{functionName}/{instanceId}/stats

#### Java Admin API

```java
admin.functions().getFunctionStats(tenant, namespace, functionName, Integer.parseInt(instanceId));
```

### Stats 2 

> You can get the current stats of a Pulsar function using Admin CLI, REST API or Java admin API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can get the current stats of all Pulsar functions using Admin CLI, REST API or Java admin API.
```
